                                                    Non Technical Questions(General)
                                                           Github Externship


1. Who knows you the best?
=> I myself am the one who knows me the best inside out every habit good or bad.


2. Who is your role model and why?
=> A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, In his auto biography wings of fire it was mentioned that for a project under state government he worked for 3 days straight without sleep his dedication towards his work made me to become more like him. 


3. What would your friends say about you?
=> What I hear from them directly is that I am very fun loving boy who tries to cope up with everyone near me and never says no to a problem. 


4. What is the thing you’d never say to another person?
=> The one thing I would never say to another person is, “that you can’t do this work “this phrase of underestimating someone is something I am afraid of.


5. What is your greatest achievement?
=> I won first prize in a national painting competition in 9th class which in senior wing.


6. What is your greatest failure?
=> My greatest failure was when I made fun of a girl when I was a kid which she didn’t like.


7. What did you learn from your greatest failure?
=> I learned was to how to put a limit to what I say to people around me in public also what respect you give to others is what you get in return.


8. What would you like to change about yourself?
=> I would like to be more organized as I grow up.


9. If something in your house breaks, what is the first thing you do?
=> If it can be fixed by my side I try to fix it by myself and if it is not under my hands then i leave it upto the professional who can correctly fix it.


10. What is the greatest obstacle you’re facing right now?
=> With so many things in my plate to learn in such a less time giving full attention to one particular task is difficult sometimes i even need to work on 3 tasks simultaneously. 


11. How do you like to “waste” your time?
=> I love to paint and sketch and also like to dress up like famous people and mimic them.


12. What made you want to apply for this role?
=> To start with data scientist is a high paying job  and getting experience on projects like we are given is a privilege which only a handful of students get and why not be one of them.


13. How open are you to the idea of doing things outside your job description?
=> Getting a work experience outside my job description is a refreshing task which i think will lead to increase in productivity of the job I do.


14. Describe a time when you recognized that you were unable to meet multiple deadlines.
      What did you do about it? 
=> If we see a recent scenario I want to mention about this task only instead of 2 I only did 1 task mentioned but I completed it to the fullest instead of submitting two incomplete tasks.


15. Give an example of how you work in a situation where you must prioritize and multitask
     without supervision. 
=> Most of the decisions about the work I do is taken by me so I am used to work without supervision from a long time and about multitasking and prioritizing my work how much importance the work will be at the topmost priority accordingly I plan my schedule to complete the tasks.


16. Tell me about a day when everything went wrong. How did you handle it?
=> There are days when pretty much everything we do not go according to how we plan in this kind of situation I try to keep my calm and try to do what I do best to boost my morale and try to do what went wrong in the first place.

